---
title:  "Bond rankings"
date:   2020-08-04
---

I just recently finished reading <em>Moonraker</em>, which reminded me of the recent discovery that <em>No Time To Die</em> is scheduled to release around the same time as <em>Half-Life 3</em>.

To celebrate the occasion, I will be listing the Bond films that I believe fall into one of three tiers: <strong>God Tier, Mid Tier,</strong> and <strong>Shit Tier</strong>. I will rank them in chronological order, and I'll try to highlight a flick for each category per Bond actor. Let's begin:

<h1><strong><u>SHIT TIER</u></strong></h1>

<em>[1971] Diamonds Are Forever</em>

The only redeeming quality to this film is its theme song. The film itself is proof that Guy Hamilton was and is the most overrated Bond director (with Sam Mendes in a close second.)

<em>[1985] A View To A Kill</em>

Another shitty movie with a great theme song. This movie makes me particularly angry because it squanders its one potentially redeeming aspect: Christopher Walken as a Bond villain. Other than that, it's a generic Bond flick with the added negative of a geriatric Bond (spoiler alert: he still fucks.)

<em>[1997] Tomorrow Never Dies</em>

Jonathan Pryce is hilarious as Rupert Murdoch Steve Jobs, but that's it. At least <em>Die Another Day</em> is fun to watch.

<em>[2015] Spectre</em>

This is hands-down the worst Bond film, really because it misses the point of Bond films in general. Generally, the movies that work in the series are the ones that have the *least* to do with Bond as a character. Bond is simply along for the ride, most of the time -- there are of course exceptions to the rule, but they are handled by filmmakers that are trying to entertain people, not Sam Mendes.

<h1><strong><u>MID TIER</u></strong></h1>

<em>[1967] You Only Live Twice</em>

I may have this relatively high simply because this is the first Bond movie I ever watched. It's got Donald Pleasance as Blofeld in a volcano lair -- what's not to love?

<em>[1977] The Spy Who Loved Me</em>

This is the first truly good Bond flick with Moore. It's not the greatest Bond film, but it's got a fantastic score by Marvin Hamlisch and truly fantastic cinematography (legend has it that Kubrick helped light a few difficult shots.)

<em>[1987] The Living Daylights</em>

By no means a mandatory flick for newcomers, I still consider Dalton's first outing a fun little action movie for veterans of the series. Plus it's got the cutest Bond girl, Kara (Maryam d'Abo).

<em>[2012] Skyfall</em>

Before Guy Hamilton took three huge dumps (<em>Diamonds Are Forever</em>, <em>Live and Let Die</em>, <em>The Man with the Golden Gun</em>), he cooked a fine meal (<em>Goldfinger</em>). This is much the same with Sam Mendes. Skyfall is well-made and actually pretty enjoyable, if a little up its own ass at times (it was released on the 50th anniversary of <em>Dr. No</em>).

<h1><strong><u>GOD TIER</u></strong></h1>

<em>[1969] On Her Majesty's Secret Service</em>

If you don't like this movie, you have no taste. The early Connery films were fun because of the lead, but the editing and direction left much to be desired (with the notable exception of <em>Thunderball</em>). This is the first truly cinematic experience in the whole series, and the first to have an emotional element that actually resonates. Action that doesn't suck + easily the best soundtrack in the series. 10/10, best shit of all time

<em>[1979] Moonraker</em>

Ignore the naysayers, this movie rocks powerfully. Cinematic as hell, great theme song, great John Barry score, great villain, great Bond girl, everything. 10/10

<em>[1995] GoldenEye</em>

This movie is an absolute banger. Flawless masterpiece (ignore the flaws)

<em>[2006] Casino Royale</em>

I just noticed that 3/4 of the films in this bracket are intros to new Bonds. You can thank Peter Hunt and Martin Campbell for that. Daniel Craig's tenure has roughly mirrored Brosnan's, in my opinion. It doesn't help that they both started so strong, I guess. I can't really say anything about this movie that hasn't already been said -- just check it out if you haven't.


...And that concludes my long rambling post that no one will ever see. Thanks
