---
title:  "Playing the corporate game"
date:   2020-08-07
---


There's an episode of the television show <em>Mr. Robot</em> in which a young (heterosexual) man trying to climb the corporate ladder has gay sex with an underling of one of the executives at his place of work <em>for the chance</em> to become CTO. 


This is almost literally what you have to do to succeed in a corporate environment.


I am generally a very understanding, easygoing, and honest person. I am often opinionated and stubborn, but that doesn't prevent me from working well and getting along with other people.
I am, however, <em>very bad</em> at begging someone to <em>permit me</em> to suck them off -- a skill that appears to be an absolute necessity if I am to advance in the corporate world.


Now, what exactly do I mean by this? Well, think about the shitty jobs you had as a teenager (if you're a working teenager and you're reading this, this part will be easier.) If you've worked at a fast food chain or a retail store, you've dealt with shitty customers, cleaning horror-show bathrooms, terrible pay, and shitty hours. But I bet that the no matter what, nothing could compare to how shitty things got when <em>anyone</em> representing corporate showed up to make sure that everyone was having mandatory fun (within the bounds of company policy, of course.)


For example, I worked as a "Delivery Specialist" at Dominos for a while after I dropped out of college. We had some rough shifts, but for the most part it wasn't a bad job and I'd even go so far as to say it was actually pretty fun a lot of the time. This is because we realized we were all working a shitty job and we were all trying to make it easier for everyone there to not have a terrible shift.


There was one moment during a corporate evaluation day at Dominos that I distinctly remember. Some time into the evaluation, the "Assistant Evaluation Specialist" (or whatever bullshit title she had) approached me and asked if she could take a picture of my face. I gave her permission, of course -- I wouldn't want us to get a bad score and have the Chief Fellatio Practitioner (franchisee) fire me!


After everything was said and done, I discovered that we passed, but unfortunately my stubble was against company policy. For all I know, the picture that woman took is being used in videos produced by Dominos corporate as an example of which styles of facial hair are not acceptable in the workplace.


In the corporate world, <em>just</em> doing your job well and <em>just</em> being easy to work with and <em>just</em> having the proper credentials is never enough. You <em>must</em> suck the tip, and you <em>must</em> be grateful for the honor to do so.


This runs contrary with my goals, and I just cannot bring myself to do it. It may make things harder for me in the long run, but it sure beats sucking dick for cash.


